Add Phantom Player (#275)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Glide](https://github.com/philn/glide) - Simple video player powered by GStreamer `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Movie Monad](https://lettier.github.io/movie-monad) - Simple video player powered by GStreamer `#haskell` `#gtk3`.
- [Showtime](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/Incubator/showtime) - Distraction-free video player powered by GStreamer `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Phantom Player](https://www.phantom-player.com/) - Smart video player and playlist manager powered by VLC `#python` `#gtk3` `#libvlc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Phantom Player](https://www.phantom-player.com) - VLC-powered video player and playlist manager with duplicate detection and torrent seeding support.  `#python` `#gtk3` `#libvlc`.
```
Instead of "smart", I suggest naming the main features. Feel free to change my suggestion.
